I think it's time to get to the moment
we've all been looking forward to this
little boy is Titus Ashby known around
the world as trickshot Titus Titus
became a youtube sensation making shot
after shot and tonight he faces one of
the great players of all time and babies
you are in for a treat we're about to
find out what happens when a
two-year-old basketball phenom squares
off against a 41 year old NBA legend
please welcome 15-time all-star and four
time NBA champion Shaquille O'Neal
[Music]
right now Jack's opponent accompanied by
his father Joseph the pride of Derby
Kansas trickshot titus asked me
[Applause]
[Music]
like to make the introductions - this is
Shack that Shack there you go synthetic
business - and it is time now for a
clash of the Titus
[Applause]
places b2 is set exactly at each
shooters hide shacks rim towers at seven
foot one inch
Titus's at three foot zero tide is going
to shoot from six feet away Shack from
18 feet gentlemen you will each have 30
seconds and when I say gentleman I mean
baby who wants to go first
Shaq you can pick you want Titus to go
first Tyus do you want to go first okay
great
here we go all right let's get Tyson
[Applause]
doesn't sound with the officiating check
come on over here
shot no blocking no foolishness and here
we go are we ready 30 seconds 30 seconds
on the clock and when the whistle blows
you start shooting Titus okay ready get
ready
[Music]
[Applause]
and here we go it is time now gentlemen
take your places
Shaq I will be feeding balls to you
please do not eat them Shaq you two will
have 30 seconds you have to be Titus to
score of eight do you feel ready to do
this of course you feel confident of
course all right let's put 30 seconds on
the clock and cousin Sal be good
[Applause]
just like the old days right
[Music]
[Applause]
we have a gift for titus drew tiny Shack
has a gift for you are you ready for a
present and here it is his shoe
you can go boating I mean your name
right Thank You chef thank you Titus
congratulations
[Music]
[Applause]